README.md, before:

# react-project
Learning react

## My goals
+ Learn react running on Node.js
+ Originally thinking bootstrap, but maybe PolymerElements?
+ Matrix manipulation
    + Transform
    + Rotate
    + Project on to a surface
    + Scale
+ Animate from original to transformed matrix
    + Animate.js?
    + Depends if I use Polymer..

## TODO
+ Look into how best ignore auto-compiled files like bundle.js
  and bundle.js.map for .gitignore
+ Get React Hot Loader working, or something like it
  http://gaearon.github.io/react-hot-loader/getstarted/

## Progress Log
+ (Sat 11am) I've found markdown
+ (Sat 12pm) I've got git CLI working
    + cloned from deecewan
    + changed origin from the clone to a new repository
    + git saved credentials 
      (git config credential.helper store)
    + learnt how to auto-stage
+ (Sat 1PM) All gone to shit - I don't know whats happening.
    Starting again with out boilerplate
+ (Sat 1:20PM) New blank node project created - nothing in it
+ (Sat 1:40PM) Nope, started again with a difference tut
+ (Sat 2:20PM) very basic, so far working, long way togo
+ (Sat 2:25PM) F'ed the commit again..  How ??
+ (Sat 3:05PM) Very basic react and node working
    + Noted that bundle.js and bundle.js.map is being uploaded
      I need to look into this.

Commit message:

finished the tut..  not sure what i've leant

README.md, after:

# react-project
Learning react

## My goals
+ Learn react running on Node.js
+ Originally thinking bootstrap, but maybe PolymerElements?
+ Matrix manipulation
    + Transform
    + Rotate
    + Project on to a surface
    + Scale
+ Animate from original to transformed matrix
    + Animate.js?
    + Depends if I use Polymer..

## TODO
+ Look into how best ignore auto-compiled files like bundle.js
  and bundle.js.map for .gitignore
+ Get React Hot Loader working, or something like it
  http://gaearon.github.io/react-hot-loader/getstarted/

## Progress Log
+ (Sat 11am) I've found markdown
+ (Sat 12pm) I've got git CLI working
    + cloned from deecewan
    + changed origin from the clone to a new repository
    + git saved credentials 
      (git config credential.helper store)
    + learnt how to auto-stage
+ (Sat 1PM) All gone to shit - I don't know whats happening.
    Starting again with out boilerplate
+ (Sat 1:20PM) New blank node project created - nothing in it
+ (Sat 1:40PM) Nope, started again with a difference tut
+ (Sat 2:20PM) very basic, so far working, long way togo
+ (Sat 2:25PM) F'ed the commit again..  How ??
+ (Sat 3:05PM) Very basic react and node working
    + Noted that bundle.js and bundle.js.map is being uploaded
      I need to look into this.
+ (Sat 3:15PM) Added Dev and Build options to npm run.  Ran the 
  build which minimizes the build.js.  It turns a 10 line script into a 250KB file with a 800KB map file - WTF?!
  Really need to find the best way to ignore this files for git.
+ (Sat 3:40PM) Finished the tut, not sure what I've learnt yet
